#### Very Deep Convolutional Networks for Large-scale Image Rcognition
This paper shows a work oriented to study the effects of depth on the accuracy in CNNs. Their developers focused on networks with very small convolutional filters which allowed them to add more conv layers. Particularly, they explored the use of 16 and 19 layers based on the hypothesis that more layers with smaller filters provide better results than shallow nets.
In order to provide more discriminative power to the decision function, the stack of 3 small convolutional layers instead of a single big one was implemented. They also set the convolution stride at 1 and use an according padding to preserve spatial resolution. Max pooling are established at 2 by 2 elements with a stride of 2 also. The activation functions of the implementation consist entirely on ReLU. At the bottom of the network, 3 fully connected layers followed by a softmax which makes the decision are set.
Authors explain the training and testing details following their participation on the ImageNet Challenge (ILSVRC). For this, they performed pre processing on the training images by substracting the mean RGB value calculated on the training set from each pixel.
Trining was made following scale variation methods, with size jittering to provide the network with a certain size independence.
They finally conclude by comparing their results with the state of the art at the time of the publication. Results support their hypothesis on how it is more effective to generate a deeper net with small filters than using large shallow convolutional layers. Appendices incorporate further information on their results on tasks other than classification, such as localisation, use of VGG as feature extractors and the generalized implementation by using other smaller datasets than the ILSVRC one.
